today is Saturday tenth of november two
thousand and seven and a story is told
by james joven frankovsky start one day
after after the tour it was going to the
beach to have some ice cream and the
mine and then on the blue after the
bridge
while they were done all right put in
Henry put one each of clothes in a
siding then he with the rest get so
before come after to get some cold you
want to find something make mac
virtually best friends
Percy was going to the two punches go
into the countryside DeGeneres and Eddie
boy to take some trucks and then box
then there's a Brendam docks yeah the
front loader was to stop like bricks and
deep blue and then by the next day and
Adam very very and Preston said he was
going to get the engines on tour I'm
going to get coaches
on the bridge for a love for passengers
nicely for a nice for the for the next
stop where that was going to take them
to a station there was ice cream shops
he said hello to bring across hello
what
and there was the station almost finish
two more minutes
rockin to furnace after he was done the
hair quick sound the bridge o and D and
so hello are you the storyteller yeah so
what was that all about that story about
um about it's about all of the engines
yeah how old are you
you're 61 well oh you look so young for
ring 61 and and that's all okay say bye
now underseat mommy I want to see the
movie of it okay